across Jordan angry protesters in their
thousands have continued to chant
against Israeli attacks on
Palestinians the biggest protests are
outside the Israeli Embassy in Aman the
Jordanian security forces have prevented
demonstrators from reaching the embassy
compound according to Israeli media the
building was evacuated on day one of the
war on
Gaza jordanians and Palestinians from
all sections of society have taken to
the streets after the Israeli attack on
Baptist Hospital in Gaza which killed
hundreds of people I am really really
angry about what is happening because
it's not right it's not right uh we are
really angry we are sad we don't I don't
know how to explain my feeling in the
right words any we are looking forward
to a free Palestine a free of uh
colonization free of
occation I will tell everyone stay
United as one people one body even Youth
and children don't give up your
motherland we are watching the TV and my
children uh crying every day and I hope
that everything will be okay with
Gaza mad grief and anger echoed during
the Jordanian parliament's emergency
session on Gaza the Prime Minister says
support for Palestinians will continue
in the face of what he calls Israeli
aggression which has transcended all
human moral and legal values
King abdullah's message also had strong
words he called the hospital attack a
massacre a he War crime which cannot be
tolerated the attack on the hospital in
Gaza has hit a nerve not just here in
Jordan but across the Middle East people
here in Aman say that unless Israel
stops what they call indiscriminate
killing of Palestinians their
demonstrations will continue jaid aler
Aman
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer